Please beware of this place- you may end up cursing yourself for your visit later on... as we are doing right now..." "I am not impressed.  The food was so-so and my boyfriend and I had a coupon purchased that morning from restaurants.com and they wouldn't accept it. I bought it that morning The loud thump of bass from modern indian music with the  electric din of the TV playing Bollywood extracts might have been a nice distraction in a busy restaurant.  Instead  when added to the ding of texts and cell phone calls the loud background noises detracted rather than added  anything to an already mediocre dining experience."  chaat masala and raita. If you arrive early and not all of the items are out on the buffet "My wife and I have been eating here for many years now. We almost always go for the lunch buffet and have eaten here at least 25-30 times now. The menu items change every time we're here so sometimes we like it better than others and range from really thrilled by the food to feeling it's ok but are never disappointed. The owners staff are really very nice too and they serve you fresh naan to order. I am writing now after all these years because another Indian restaurant opened a stones throw away and I want to make sure you try Namaste instead. The service and attitude at the other are just this side of rude and indifferent. Yesterday  and the staff kept an eye on it so that nothing sat too long. I'll definitely go back for dinner sometime."  the old lady seemed rude. but we did not deal with her.  The cook (guy in apron) was very friendly and kept coming back to us to see if we need anything."  prices were relatively high. Every entree was about $12 and were ordered 4. It was worth it regardless." This is not Indian food at the gourmet level of somewhere like Tamarind or The Mintt but it's good enough for govt. work as the saying goes ." Very friendly accomodating staff  .  More centrally-located  Namaste Indian Restaurant has moved (January 2013) from it's old location in the Banksville Plaza to 1150 Banksville Rd  something which I do not understand.  I am pleasant; I walk into a restaurant with a smile and treat the staff with respect.  I tip well.  To be treated with disdain is a mystery to me." Great indian food. Buffet is excellent and reasonable price. Friendly staff. LOve it. Thanks Namaste...  I hate to trash a restaurant but I had to voice my concerns.  I am very conflicted about giving the second star "This was probably one of the worst places I've eaten at in a while . I'm not sure what was worse food or service . Never again    they need some background music or something.  The soap opera on tv just didn't cut it.  They do give you fresh naan bread which is nice "I have dined at Namaste for the final time.  I am tired of being served by an individual that does not speak: who treats the customer with disdain and indifference.  The words ""thank you"" and ""how are you"" are not part of the lexicon here.  The buffet items reflect economizing.  Virtually no cauliflower is used "I wish I could give this place ""-5"" stars for its terrible food quality. Oily  all other food was very low quality and mostly cold. I always like to say something nice so the sweet carrot dish was not horrible.  My search for quality Indian food in the 'burgh continues."  I have never been there when there was more than three or four people in the whole restaurant. I don't know how long they could survive and that is unfortunate.  On one occasion I was waited on by a young man who was very friendly and pleasant  First off i have no idea what these people are talking about when they speak of and mean old lady. The lady was extremely nice to me. We even had a few laughs while trying to communicate with abit of a langue barrier. The only down side to it was the low spicy flavor. I have a high tolerance spicy heat. She tried to hook me up a big bowl of wet crushed peppers and more powder. And the white rice was a tad dried out but never the less all other items where great.  and the prices are on par with what you would expect from similar restaurants. Don't let the location or allegedly unfriendly old lady (she's actually quite sweet) deter you from dining here--or at least ordering takeout Hey Namaste....hit me up if you ever work on your prices and customer service....I'll give it another go.  Until then Thank you guys for this great food."  simple interior but clean. They have buffet and menu. I went for salad and chicken saag. The taste was good but I bet that it was not chicken." I wish I could give them 0 stars...total waste of money. Food was so bad that I threw it in the trash. Hope no one falls sick after eating food here. Food was terrible. all tasted like old food. Hope no one falls sick after eating food here.  a steroid and benydryl via an IV.. Terrifying experience and I wanted to make sure I posted this to alert future customers with similar allergies since they was no viewable signage to let consumers know to beware! Needless to say  crisp and filled w potatoes and peas. This is a wonderful mom and pop establishment...go and support. Can't wait to try other items on our return visit!!!" Ordered through Grubhub. The chicken tikka was excellent. Lots of chicken and the sauce was flavorful. Good naan and samosas too. Super quick delivery. Blows the other Indian delivery options in the area away. "I ordered from here on Grubhub last night and was so impressed. I am a huge Indian food fan so I'm pretty picky when it comes to getting it from restaurants but I was so happy with what I received from Namaste. I ordered Aloo Muttor and Aloo Paratha bread and both were hot Not too spicy but not bland either. Everything was hot and fresh and tasty. I would recommend this to all."  I ended up cooking on a night I didn't want to. I fixed your ""curry"" sauce by adding curry.... Don't be afraid of flavor who ever does the cooking here."  and the atmosphere is pretty lonesome.  It was probably once the grand dining hall of the hotel and now kinda ghostly.  I think it's worth an initial visit and worth it for budget eaters." I have always left relatively satisfied. The food isn't quite as good as India Garden  this is as close to an authentic Indian meal that I have found. The price is reasonable and the food is consistently tasty. The buffet typically has a wide variety of items to choose from and includes mango lasse and hot chai tea. It's not a typical setting for such a culinary find "Agree with chaitiyana. This place is pretty bad. The food isn't fresh. They have a Buffet even for dinner. I stayed at Days Inn for 2wks here and was forced to eat here a few times. The mango lassi was good  but the candy and plain fennel seeds are kept in seperate bowls. The emphasis on customer self-reliance here could be construed as bad or lazy service  tasty Indian food. They always have the buffet going and it's great to stop in and grab a quick belly stuffing. It's tucked inside a days inn of all places but location is of no concern. Very wide range of food and sides. So  don't have to leave a tip!  So for $9 or so you get a nice lunch or dinner buffet with mango lassi  and they have wall to wall carpeting that was around before most of us were. They offer mango lassi which they keep in the original gallon plastic jug that they bought it in...at least pretend that you made it. There are 2 better Indian restaurants a stones throw from this place...Namaste and Mintt "This is pretty close to where we live so we eat there quite a bit. Freshness of food really is hit or miss. I like all of the veggie options there. I think it's a great place to take someone who has never had Indian food. Buffet style lets someone new to this kind of food try a bit of everything. The mango lassi is always delicious! I like that it's NEVER busy This is probably the best north indian restaurant in Pittsburgh (Lawrenceville Bloomfield). A bit of a dive with a traditional menu but the food is made fresh and the prices can't be beat.  The lunch buffet is a prety good deal (much less than $10!).  Peoples is pretty typical of small Indian restaurants. The buffet is alright "I usually come for the lunch buffet which I think is a good deal.  Love the chai - make sure you get some!  I get the chicken vindaloo which isn't bad and most of my friends love the chicken mango Once I go back and order something off the menu I will have to re-review."  but I'd search elsewhere if you've got a real craving for Indian food."  no more peoples we will drive down to Taste of India from now on."  but the food more than makes up for it. The buffet is a great price and you get a good selection."  it's one of the better local Indian places. The service is also pretty consistent and pleasant (unlike Best palak paneer. Hands down.did a palak paneer test a few years agos.. included graphs and etc... still have my heart. the spicey could be spicier.. ill just throw that out there....  and it's kind of loud.  But it's cheap and decent.  Best way to fill yourself up on a cold day on the east end."  but I have to admit I would probably go more often if I could grab take-out on a cold sunday afternoon. . . (that's a hint if the owners are reading)"  especially if you go during there happy hours!"  but since it's the only place in town that has satisfied the lust of my taste buds for hot oral pleasure "I've ordered for delivery a few times.  Although you get small portions for the price..the food is pretty good.  This time I and a coworker ordered 2 seperate dishes that came with rice.  They combined the rice in one container.  Why?  My coworker leaves in 10 mins with my rice....ugh!  Called the restaurant and all I get is a ...""wellll..I don't know what I can do?""   Are you serious?" The lunch buffet? Totally worth it.  but definitely worth a try." "I just wrote a bad review so I want to counter it with a good one. People's Restaurant easily wins the top slot on Kelly G's list of the best Indian food in Pittsburgh. The restaurant itself is small and no-frills (Indian shabby chic This restaurant will be my favorite for years to come.  I would not bother eating anything on Penn Avenue. Ever. I spend more time focusing on the surrounding crap than I do with actually eating." PhIGoo9g6GBrqgH_6yZXXQ "The lunch buffet on Saturday is great hangover food.  it is cheap  it's almost as if you're sitting down at someone's house and eating what they'd eat on a regular basis. Plus you're paying around 9 dollars for a buffet "Delicious and authentic Indian food in a welcoming atmosphere. The lunch buffet is delicious  it was buy one get one half off. The woman on the phone was the same as the hostess. She admitted it was she who answered yet refused to accommodate her mistake. I don't normally feel compelled to complain but that is ridiculous. A subpar meal and subpar service in addition to false marketing. Never going back despite the fond memories I had accumulated when in school. Completely ridiculous."  authentic Indian food. Had it delivered and it came in time as promised. Decent prices People's is amazing and fresh I am in town for work and I decided to order food from here. The food was awesome! I ordered the People's Special Biryani and they brought the food right to my hotel room. I will definitely order from here again the next time I'm in town. This is a great place to get a lot of amazing Indian food at a decent price. Their buffet is great and they add quite some variety. Their food is flavorful. Definitely recommend this place. "Went here for dinner twice in 1 week when I was craving Indian food. The food is pretty good compared to other Indian restaurants in Pittsburgh. Also PhIGoo9g6GBrqgH_6yZXXQ "Peoples is my  favorite delivery place! Love the garlic nan but I will say it's better in house than delivered. The mango chicken is delicious. We always order a biryani rice dish. From the vegetarian list love the vegetable Shia korma- but will mention it is very rich The garlic nan was amazing.  Nice garlic smell I am there almost every weekend for their lunch buffet. Yes  and I can't wait for our next trip!"  and found the selection and quality to be just as good as Indian restaurants charging double the price. I attend a convention annually in Pittsburgh  the food will make you sick and the sauces are full of cornstarch. We'll never return. Sorry Peoples" "Excellent lunch buffet.  Mango chicken is unique and delicious.  Have been going here for years and have never been disappointed.  Friendly staff.  Many Indian food restaurants go overboard with the butter or cream  but even sticking with my go-to of Chicken Curry never leaves me anything other than happy. I'm so thrilled they've stuck around during the awful construction on Penn Ave." I tend to stick to several favorites on the vegetarian menu like the Vegetable Korma I have been a few times for the lunch buffet and for 9$ it was rather good. It has your Indian basics. They use chicken and lots of veggies to keep the price down but it's still very good. I also like the small dessert bar they set up. I say if you looking for a filling on the heathy side lunch this is a good place to go.  and we tipped the driver handsomely. The food was all there and even a little extra naan was thrown in! I think we might have been missing some rice but the extra naan made up for it. The food was very very good. Everyone agreed that the spice levels were accurate  I'd say the vegetarian dishes are  better bets at People's vs meat." "So I had never heard of this place before a friend suggested that we dine there.  But I'm so glad that I went because the food was delicious!  On top of that Update: 8 hours later and still feel sick from this meal. Ugh. Never again." Mediocre at best. The flavor in the tiki masala was so bland. I really wish they'd put more love into their spices. "Had delivery from People's last night and was pretty happy with the experience. We ordered Shahi Kofta Never ordered from here again." "You cannot go wrong with the $9 lunch buffet. So reasonably priced and the food is unreal!! The samosas we so crispy and tasty. Since I did the buffet I got to try a little bit of everything and it was ALL fantastic! Ended it was some killer rice pudding and Gulab Jamun (the sugar milk ball things)...great price  homemade cuisine. Impressive balance of flavors. Very reasonably priced lunch buffet. Even the chai was delicious."  and then try any of their saag dishes. The naan is divine and comes out crisped and perfect every time. The best deal for dinner is the vegetarian meal platter This is the go to place during lunch. All you can eat buffet for a very reasonable price food is delicious and they carry a wide variety my favorite is the price with the cheese masala and salad with yogurt cucumber sauce it's delicious I recommend anyone to come here for a classic Indian experience The menu has lots of vegetarian options. The Vegetarian Thali is an especially good choice."  and the food arrived in a timely fashion....(during a crazy snow storm  it hardly had any mushrooms. Since it was so great the first time I'd be willing to try their food again but maybe not as a delivery."  it's made of people?(movie reference)  I doubt that because their food is very yummy.  I am not sure of how the service is under pressure because everytime I go there they have about two other groups there and that's it.  That actually is kind of nice because it ends up being a relaxed atmosphere.  The owner is a really nice guy and makes sure his customers are well cared for at all times.  In case that wasn't enough the BYOB is free since last time I checked.  Usually you get charged extra per bottle chicken saag didn't have enough sauce and under seasoned I tasted the heat but once again lacked that Indian curry flavor.....I'm really angry at the people who recommended this place."  I feel there is a lot of potential for improvement. I quite enjoyed the mango lassi though! Its worth a try and then decide if the food works for you."  and unappealing that I decided I had to heat up the other 2 dishes to try and make up for it. Both of these dishes were extremely unappealing as well. I sadly had to throw most of it away. I always order indian food requesting a low spice number Food is sooo good!!! I'll recommend who are planning to eat Indian food!!!" We give them 5 stars based on 1 visit during a tourist visit to Pittsburgh; it proved a nice one." Best Indian food in whole of Pittsburgh. I have tried every single indian restaurant here this one is the best among all. Little bit on the expensive side but worth it. The samosa are the best and I can't get enough of the aloo gobi!" As an aside I think that I am a bit more picky when it comes to dishes.  I am sure this waitress will get the hang of things eventually I would hope."  but the flavor was great. The restaurant gives a free salad with a cracker at the beginning with a few sauces for free! I now live pretty close to this place and I think I will be getting takeout from them at least once a week! Highly recommended  and not like mango-flavored whipped cream that I have had in other places (not in PGH). It is worth trying this place at least once just for the mousse!"  they were about to close the kitchen so I got my order to go. I noticed the restaurant for the first time while driving past and immediately craved Samosas. Best samosas ever! I got the Rice Byriani with Lamb. Amazing !! The homemade yogurt sauce they give you on the side for the rice was delicious. If you like Indian food My friend and I came here for brunch. At first we felt the food was a little expensive and then realized that the restaurant is getting rid of the tipping system. The food tastes good here. The portion was just right for a meal -- felt comfortably full. So far this place is number one for Indian delivery. Good spice level and complex flavor.  for eat-in or take-out.  I don't really have any favorites here...everything is tasty!" "Cozy and dim lighting. Food is okay - large quantities for take-out "Love this place. And they have coupons too. The bonus is definitely the amount of food  the food is tasty and spiced decently.  I ordered an 8 in terms of spice and probably really got a 6  which is an added bonus if you asked me. Service is very friendly and on top of everything else the prices are very reasonable. I would go out of my way to stop in Pittsburgh to eat here again anytime." We will definitely be ordering from here again!"  I will most definitely be coming back.  I" "Tried the vegetarian thali ($12ish) and was really impressed by the quality  and San Francisco in the US.  My personal experience with upscale Indian is that you will in fact get delicate flavors  but I was not impressed. The food did not taste fresh (I had pakoras and an eggplant dish) and the rice was definitely old and crisp from sitting in the bottom of the cooker. I asked for spicy and my dish was quite mild. We were there toward the end of the night and the staff seemed resentful of our presence. As much as I love Indian food  and at lunch almost everyone there is Children's Hospital staff.  Parking is a little hard to find since the residential streets are permit only.  But I really like this place and it's definitely worth it."  BYOB. I really like their veggie ball in yogurt sauce thing. Free papadam  worst Baingan Bartha I've ever had. Un-fresh and damn near flavorless all but for some powdery heat. Please invest in fresh chillies; they keep well and will make that ""8"" really pop with flavor." I'm going to miss this place after I leave CMU! No joke."  the food is pretty lackluster. A little further down Penn Ave A surprise: the veggie samosas have just a bit of spice-- unexpected and fun! Parking can be a challenge due to the location (directly across the street from Children's Hospital)  which is nice.  I never get the buffet so nothing to say on that.  The nan was perfectly cooked.  The only problem is that they don't deliver.  Great!!  One of my favorite Indian places in Pittsburgh!" Check out my full review: http:  eatinginpittsburgh.com 2010 08 30 unassuming-indian-a-taste-of-india "  People's Indian is the better buffet & entrees--some of the buffet items at Taste are just not that flavorful  I can get dinner for two people with a satisfying lunch the next day.  Good." Or you could do the lunch buffet and save your dignity. But then you wouldn't have leftovers for lunch. And - trust me - you'll want leftovers for lunch."  not the best but close.  Across from Children's hopsital so you have to handle the meter parking but usually spots open.  Staff is very nice and sincere  and my favorite date in Pittsburgh? Taste of India and dancing at Brillo Box. So iconic. So Pittsburgh."  the food holds up with some of the better Indian restaurants in DC. I mostly get paneer or chickpea dishes and they've all been solid. Good atmosphere The tandoori is very good. The chicken tikka masala is nice and creamy with good flavor. The palak paneer is also delicious. My taste buds are very happy to have found good Indian take-out within the city limits. (My waist-line is NOT pleased)."  New York and Berlin.  Will definitely be back on next trip to Pittsburgh."  why do we keep going back to Taste of India?  Simple: the biryani and korma are the best dishes this side of Stanwix Street.  And  but that place just made my mouth go numb after it was all said and done (and left me with an unpleasant digestion experience).  All of the bad cliche things you hear about Indian food  I can't recommend this place simply based on how awfully they dealt with this issue.  I didn't get a chance to try any food and I never will."  let alone the complexity of Indian cuisine.  This city is the dumpster of the eastern U.S.  Do not go here  pretty consistently.  Sauces are creamy; meat is tender; and prices are reasonable.  I'd say this is easily one of the better Indian restaurants in the city  it is sooo good!! My boyfriend and I ordered take out once and I like spicy rating of 1 and he likes a 7 and when we got home and tried it they were both sevens. So if you're really sensitive like me  and tea. The tea and kheer was a nice way to cap off the meal. The mango beef and alu palak were superb. I could live on the bread alone. They look to have renovated the place We drive two hours to go here; this restaurant never disappoints."  and every time they have never disappointed me. The service is great and the food is amazing. We were seated promptly  but this actually happened a few months ago.  I remember the Malia Kofta like it was yesterday "This place has an incredible lunch buffet.  It's cheap and there's tons of delicious food.  They don't deliver "Had a great experience here.  Service was super friendly and prompt.  The chicken tikka masala is excellent as well as the paneer naan.  I also tried the chicken curry "This was my first time at taste of India. The service was very pleasant and I found the food and alcoholic beverages to be quite inexpensive. Most importantly  brought out fresh naan near the end of lunch."  chicken tikka masala and an order of plain and garlic naan.  The naan was amazing!  My girlfriend who doesn't even really like Indian food loved the Chicken tikka masala  high quality Indian food in the 'burgh. Everything I've ever had here is delicious  which I love. Food wasn't  to spicy. Lots of variety. We'll be back for sure."  so that might be a more cost efficient choice for this place."  while small is totally worth it. Has all the essentials!" If you really know and like Indian cuisine then food here gonna be flavorless and bland for you. Tandoori chicken doesn't taste like one etc. Decor is tasteless and old. Carpet looks really dirty. I'm definitely not coming back. Everything was very tasty and the portions were ample sized . Wish I had room for dessert. Will definitely be coming back to eat or get carry out soon." "The food and service here is great! The lunch buffet is amazing....I leave there so stuffed with food that I can barely walk. I've gone there for a dinner a few times "Good Indian food is tough to find. We ate their on a quiet weekday night. Service was friendly to the point that I though we might be friends. The portion sizes are big  caraway and coriander seeds and colorful bits of candy - I've seen similar combinations at other Indian restaurants Not fancy but great Indian food at a really reasonable price. The eggplant was particularly yummy. "So happy that these guys have finally reopened! I went there for dinner a few nights ago and really enjoyed it. I got the Tandoori chicken  you should close their old reviews and have them start fresh (with my review).  And for all the people who went there in the past and maybe didn't have a great experience (or did) you need to go again!!"  definitely return next time I come to Pittsburgh." "Went for the lunch buffet which was about $8. It was SO good! I ate wayy too much but still wanted to eat more! Everything tasted so fresh and delicious! The decor was very tasteful The prices were on point. The seats and tables were new and comfortable."  this will now be my go to for Indian food in Pittsburgh. Awesome The lunch buffet is good but I am not a fan of buffets (just saying) the bathrooms are clean and the family keeps the place spotless."  and I even love the anise assorted crunchy things you get with the bill--beats the heck out of starlight mints! They gave me some extra rice to take home with my leftovers. Good naan. Very reasonably priced. Wish I lived close enough to walk but I've always snagged a parking spot "Comparatively mediocre to other indian restos. Not very flavorful. Naan is really thick and dense. Channa masala just tastes like it's chick peas soaked in tomato sauce instead of masala sauce. And daal makhini is similarly too saucy and not in a yummy sauce way. Kind of a bummer since there aren't many indian restaurants in the east end area. So my final thought post-dinner is ""meh."" And I'm not even excited for the leftovers tomorrow." Never a let down at Taste of India. Solid. Consistent. Great"  seen the neon sign and the dark windows and have been very skeptical. But I finally went inside and it was delicious! Clean It was all very good but I have had better lamb saag in the past." "The staff owners? seem nice but the food is not that good. I had shrimp tandoori  which tasted and looked like the shrimp was soaked in red dye and the vegetables were not grilled at all. No flavor. We also had a masala and that too was not great. I just returned from Princeton  and they have a good chutney.  They've been in business more than 20 years and the people who own it are so nice!  So glad they recovered from a kitchen fire a few years back.  It just keeps getting better and better."  ambience - all were super good. Food was served very quickly. Will definitely come back here when I come to Pittsburg again and will also recommend this place to my friends." It's been a long time since I've had Indian Cuisine this amazing! Kudos! So friendly!! Why do they ask about how do we want our food if they have only 2 option - no spicy or super hot spicy?"  Gulab jam. Biriyani was awful it's taste less. Full of racines. This restaurants is definitely not for South Indians. Maintainance and service was good but food is completely tasteless. Chicken pakora is at best. Papad is awesome. On Biriyani and pees pulav we Wasted money."  little dal. Lamb Curry lacked flavor when in the past it has been wonderful.  It appears that there are different cooks whose approach to dishes can be radically different.  I'd like to be able to count on a consistent product."  and convenient to where we live. Food is on point. We missed out on the buffet. But "Finding a good Indian restaurant can always be a challenge. Taste of India is certainly decent...nothing more nothing less. Figuring out the optimal day time to hit the lunch buffet is like trying to find Gujarat on a map. It's really hard Just moved from Pittsburgh and I miss Taste of India - this place is great. A great place for Indian in Bloomfield and the surrounding neighborhoods. The give good food portions and they have some very good onion and garlic naans. I am also fond of their samosas and chicken vindaloo. SUPER delicious! Tried the dinner for 2 and we couldn't finish it... so much food for a great price! "Went there with friends for the first time and felt quite disappointed. Ordered mango shrimp and my wife the chicken tika masala. Food was dry and the sauces were watery. The waiters were removing our dishes and ready to clean our table off the minute we put our forks down  Taste of India should be the first on your list. I can't wait to go back!" "Let me start out by saying that Indian buffets are just average!  If you really want to experience the quality "We have been getting take-out from Taste of India frequently for years and we occasionally eat in also.  The portions are generous Here's the deal- I would go here if that's where my friends wanted to go (which is what happened last week). But I would not choose to go otherwise when there are two other Indian restaurants that I enjoy so much more."  I am fortunate enough to eat food which compels the eyes to roll up in their sockets.  Food such as this abounds here.  A further representation of quality is the abundance of Indian guests also dining.  Go at the weekend for the lunch buffet ($8.95) The lunch buffet is probably one of the better Indian meals in Charlotte.  Dinner can get a bit pricey.  Service is adequate.  Atmosphere is better than most Indian restaurants in town. The food and service here are both great.  Any dish you get will be unique and flavorful.  My favorite is the chicken vindaloo.  Be careful the vindaloo is extremely spicy.  They also have a fairly extensive lunch buffet worth checking out.  and the buffet was not worth its price." Overall the best dish was the peshwari naan. Never had I experienced a bread product that thrilled my taste buds in such a way. If you go try this naan and surely you will walk away satisfied." Great consistent quality of food & service. The lunch buffet is perfect for begginers in the Indian food genre. Very clean & pleasant decor.  you find that it is rare when a company really lives up to their promises.  They did a great job I'm hoping as Charlotte grows to be more diverse  and had only four small pieces of chicken. $14 for this? No thanks. They need to quit ripping people off. I'm Indian and I know when I see quality Indian food. The service is good for the most part. Do NOT recommend for takeout - you get a tiny serving for such a large price." My favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte! The food and service are excellent. 2nd time we have been to this restaurant and it was great!  The service was good the food was great!  They will alter the food to how spicy you like it.  I would definitely recommend this place!  but it doesn't top the quality of food at Woodlands... I'm forever spoiled." "I had buffet lunch here yesterday. I went after 2 p.m. There was no tandoori chicken and they did not refill it till 3 p.m. By that time I had already finished my lunch. The naan bread was like a rubber sheet. They never bothered to refill the bread basket. The food was below average. The chicken curry was passable. Chicken tikka masala was below average. They had aloo gobi with uncooked cauliflower  but we have only used the Bombay Grille for dinner so cannot comment on lunch." We have been dining at BG for several years now and it is still the best all around Indian experience we have found in Charlotte.  tried everything (as that is the right thing to do at a buffet). Everything was a literal burst of tasty fireworks in our mouths and we spent the rest of lunch raving about how wonderful the food is!  We also ordered a side of Samosas (not included in the buffet) and I would highly recommend them to everyone who eats here.  I will definitely be back for a repeat!" 4zr5_OOjwTdOEE7d_181RA  so try it during the week if you're budget-conscious." I would however recommend this place to any foodie type who knows that sometimes you have to look past some of the details to find the gems." http:  www.bombaygrille.com charlottemenu.html" Great Indian food! There is always great food on the buffet. Great for take out or dine in. Kid friendly. No complaints at all. We will be back."  and vegetarian options. Their naan is pretty awesome as well. What I really like is that their staff are very friendly and knowledgeable! Their prices are very reasonable too. Great place!" Cooper on East Blvd is a great Indian cuisine option."  and chicken vindaloo. I love spicy so we got level 4 on the korma and the waiter warned me the vindaloo was very hot. I have to admit the vindaloo was super hot lol... It was amazingly good but it did make my eyes water at first. The korma was a perfect 4 and was very good! As for the naan an samosas  the food was actually good.  This appears pretty consistent as I read the reviews before trying it out with the family."  very good.  I'm rethinking my top Indian restaurants in town after this experience. Bombay Grille now goes towards the top. I gave it a 4 just because I tend to give my 5s to those rare places that I think were absolutely exceptional. I have not found a ""5"" among the Indian restaurants here in town yet."  had to wait few minutes while the table was made ready. Were somewhat disappointed (probably due to higher expectations). There were hardly any choice in the appetizer selection and very limited options for vegetarian palate. The saving grace was the naan which was continuously served at the table I'm not holding the bad service against them.  I clearly came on an ""off"" night.  If the big oversized party wasn't dominating the whole restaurant then it would have been a much more pleasant experience.  So "Had a positive experience at Bombay. The food tasted as expected. I had the chicken tikka masala "Loved the lamb madras and the Peshawar Nann. The lamb was cooked well with just the right amount of spices. The peshawar nann was something I never had before. It was filled with shredded coconuts  I love indian food! This is one of the top indian restaurants in Charlotte. I've only ever eaten their buffet ($9.95 weekday) and thats just fine with me. I love to try a little bit of all the different flavors This is my Indian spot!  I drive 25 minutes for take out and do not seek closer Indian restaurants because I doubt I will find one I like as much as Bombay."  which went really well with the Taj Mahal Premium beer I was drinking. Overall the food was extremely flavorful and had just the right amount if spice for me  like something microwaved. The entrees were very disappointing -- Chicken Palak was the worst I've had anywhere. Bummer to need to post a negative review of a previous favorite. Hopefully the food returns to its prior quality someday soon." "The best place for Indian food in Charlotte. I tried lamb briyani If you are looking for an Indian Taste Probably one of the worst Indian  food I have ever had in USA. Went there for Sunday buffet and the food was terrible. Serving is bad and avoid this restaurant. Great food!! I highly recommend this place. It was so flavorful and really enjoyed their naan. The food was awesome the waiter could have been a little more attentive but all in all great visit. 4zr5_OOjwTdOEE7d_181RA The tastes and quality of the goods appears to have remained consistently good "Extremely dissapointing trip here. Service was average to bad. Food quality left a lot to be improved. Currys have no meat but curry. Taste wise it isn't great either. I make far better indian food at home. Meat was not cooked properly and was very chewy. Overall I don't recommend it and won't be going back at all. Oh yeah their carpets were dirty with food everywhere  taste was okay. Served even after closing time." All around mediocre experience. The app was slow to come out. The lamb roganjosh was under-spiced and the lamb was tough. Disappointing first Indian experience in Charlotte. "The buffet has all of my favorites & is delicious. The curry chicken "I frequent this place for take-out as the food is pretty darn good. It's a little expensive for dinner ...takeout for two usually runs us about $55 but its too yummy and their are so few decent Indian restaurants in Charlotte that I deal with it. Portions are not very large. The rice seasoning is particularly good  selection and price were less than stellar.  I've heard great things about ""Passage to India"" in the University area and can't wait to check it out!"  helpful staff. Great authentic taste and presentation. Some safe choices available for those unaccustomed to Indian cuisine."  customer service was awful.  After 6 month we taught we will do take out order and will order something else than we ordered last time. I honestly thrown it in garbage as I felt horrible taste and smell in food. I didn't wanted to go sick after eating that." Conclusion: might be worth trying out for a la carte meals "This restaurant is awesome! I loved every bite of food! The naan bread is perfect My fav is fish pakora and tandoori chicken here worth spending money" I've been eating here for year during dinner hours. Decided to try their lunch buffet. It had plenty of meat and vegetarian options. The food was seasoned goof but nothing was heavly spicy. I did miss the spice thou. When order a single meal I also order extra spicy and they do exactly that! My nose will be running LOL. I recommend trying there buffett. This is the best Indian food I have ever tasted and the service is great too. I always get the Chicken Korma extra spicy with Naan bread. The staff takes great care of you and takes pride in this place. I love the buffet too which has almost everything from the menu on it. Please give this place a chance. They get two thumbs up for perfect satisfaction. "Bombay Grille is one of the best Indian restaurants I've eaten at outside of London. And that's saying a lot. Both the meat and plentiful vegetarian dishes were delectable. The nan bread was warm  I went in for the buffet but I couldn't help myself but to actually order from the menu.  I really wanted a sense of what the food and service was like fresh.  I came in my waiter asked what u would like to drink I was in Pineville last week and didn't want to drive around so decided to eat at this restaurant but they don't have consistence. I ordered Lamb Rogan and it was just with tomato gravy with few pieces of lamb. Your chef if you have one should learn how to cook this kind of dish and then charge $17. No one came to asked how was the dish or if I need anything else. I had been here few times due to convenient to my work but that's it. "We ordered take away for dinner. Our order was ready within 20 minutes.  I had the lamb korma and my boyfriend had the seek kabobs. It was delicious and there was plenty of food. The only complaint is the price  thanks to living social. They had an awesome deal. $18 for $30 of God and drinks. This place is also an awesome place to eat vegetarian food" So...sit down is better with your time than take-out.  Remember to order a bit more so you will leave satisfied.  And if calling in an order to-go "Decent lunch buffet...a little larger choice selection would have been good "Thoroughly enjoyed my first visit to Bombay Grille. The buffet had a wide selection and the flavor was second to none. Eaten Indian cuisine all over the world and Bombay Grille is one of the best. The staff were very friendly and courteous Overpriced & overrated" "Saw a huge roach on the wall. Mentioned it to my waiter who grabbed it with a napkin and said they are attracted by the Indian spices. Saw another on the booth. Called the manager who looked dumbfounded at it. Said I would pay for the bottle of wine we ordered If you are craving quality Indian cuisine in a humble atmosphere "We gave this a try while in the area. Overall really good. We had simosas which you could tell were fresh and really good. My husband had vindaloo and I had tiki Marsala. Usually vindaloo comes with dark meat and they did white here which was awesome. We prefer that and some places won't even substitute. Was really good. My tiki was great as well Came for lunch buffet. Not too crowded. Good mix of food and selections. Good was hot and fresh. Tandoori chicken was good! "I absolutely LOVE this Indian buffet. Everything taste so delicious and I literally feel like I could taste every single spice in the food. I tried a dessert that was a mango pudding "Really good Palak Paneer!!! Not too pricey. Nice looking male waiters. Portions are enough...I finished all of mine. Spicy levels are from 1 to 5 This restaurant was suggested by a friend who is from Bangladesh. This is one of the best restaurants we have been too. We not once had an empty glass while we were being waited on & the buffet was fresh. The staff were very friendly & we almost felt as if we were relatives of the people working there. I would most definitely recommend this Indian restaurant. Did I mention that everything is reasonably priced for the area???  bland and that's even if you get to see some food. Had a friend with me that was a vegetarian and could only eat one item at a time as they kept running out of stuff. Again only 10 items on the buffet and it wasn't even busy with people. Only 4 other 2 person tables there. I only wish I had taken a picture of the buffet to prove it. If you can read this. Don't say I didn't tell you so. Anyway I'm sure they will be closed soon." "Awesome lunch buffet. Everything we tried was delicious. The service was excellent "Meh. I'll keep this short and sweet. I ordered takeout from this establishment while visiting Charlotte. I had veggie samosas and chicken vindaloo. Portions were in line with the cost of the meal "I've heard that this place serves great Indian curries. I especially enjoyed the Malai Kofta. The Kulchas and Naans were great too. The Tandoori Kabab The food is amazing. Its a general rule that you can judge the authencity of ethnic restaurants by the number of patrons that match the ethnicity of the food. This place is always packed with people of Indian descent. I definitely recommend the chicken tikka masla. It's always good and you can tell them how spicy you want it. Easily the best Indian restaurant in Charlotte.  the Best Indian food in the Queen City. Bombay Grille makes everything from scratch and you can taste the freshness when you order off the menu. They also don't skimp on ingredients. Great food  my beloved Bombay Grille?  Your weekday buffet used to be a mainstay but now it is skimpy - many of the selections are just empty pans By far my favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte. Nearly Authentic Northern Indian Cuisine. Palak Paneer is THE BEST!!! I go here every year for my Birthday.  so I reserve going here for when I really need a treat."  you have a lot of great steak places and American food but things such as Sushi ( there is NO good places I have tried each and every one) and Indian are hard to come by. We first went to Basmati and honestly I thought we were doomed. There was no flavor and most dishes seemed to be watered down. NOW  it's not better than many of the places we've been to in Boston - but it's way better than I expected for around here!  On the down side I was there for dinner and I realized that it was a completely different experience in the evening. For lunch "Great food.  Waitresses were cute.  I'd recommend the chicken jalfriesi (doubt i spelled that right).  the naan bread is really good 1tK0k-vRgGFC3oSZNUJ58Q This is one of my favorite places in CU.  Their Naan is the best Naan of all Naans I've had - and I've had a lot of Naan.  Chicken Tikka and Lamb Curry are my favorites.  With a mango lassi expect to pay around 15 bucks after tax and tip.  and the staff make no bones about letting you know that they are not there to indulge in your lunch hour relaxation.  Expect to see your plates taken away and your table cleaned as a *hint* to mosey on along Food is always fast and fresh here. And I've noticed the naan has gotten considerably larger since I last set foot in here in early 2007. But I'm not complaining!  the lunch special is all bang for your buck...I recently went here on a lunch meeting and my professor and I were able to split one plate and leave completely stuffed!  I'm glad the only real traditional Punjabi Indian joint in C-U isn't a disaster Disgusting. Threw out a $10 plate of food after finding hair. Not to mention when brought to the attention of the staff  but the location on 1st doesn't afford you the great meal at a low price that the Green Street location was so good at."  and your meal is served on Styrofoam.  This is Indian food for poor college students.  If you want a more relaxed "Bombay has been one of my favorite restaurants in Champaign for almost 5 years. It's dark and cozy inside and smells of masala and fresh yogurt. It seems to be popular  or a soda. Maybe everybody gets free stuff. Whatever. I'm not one to look a gift daal in the mouth." Nicely seasoned paneer and enormous naan.  Very good and reasonably priced.  Only con is that they serve it on styrofoam plates which isn't very environmentally friendly.  I'd be back once a week or two if I lived on Champaign. Great indian food; spiced well and not Americanized.. The naan is fresh and amazing. "I would highly recommend the lamb curry which is spicy and comes with fragrant basmati rice. The naan is really great too. I also enjoy the aloo tikki appetizer  but I wasn't particularly impressed.  Ordered vegetable vindaloo.  The place lacks any ambiance  and I can honestly say I've never eaten better in my life. All day and all night my stomach was a bubbling cauldron of curry. Try the vegetable vindaloo- I put it on the menu!"  after the last outing I will not go back.  It was a very unwelcoming place.  I don't see how they stay in business with that kind of customer service." I moved away from Chambana to the south west. I have been in some other indian restaurants but no one compares to Bombay Grill regarding taste. I miss it."  as it serves very similar food but is noticeably cheaper.  I've had a lot of different dishes here and wasn't really disappointed with anything.  Particular favorite is the saag paneer and spicy chana aloo." U0wljRy2SiFNE0c9P8WEHw  their Nan is also amazing. They have several kinds of Nan  terrific. The only reason I would give it a 3 star because the light system in the evening there is absolutely terrible.. I could hardly read my menu there at night.." Which brings me to the not so hot part - 15$ Dinner for one  unless I'm in the vicinity and have an extreme craving for Indian food." This restaurant is dam costly and is not at all worth for the food they serve. I am Vegan and Paid $13.2 for just 3 types of sides and naan bread and custard. Food was ot worth more than $6 however we were shocked to see their heavy check. Food is not so tasty to admire. It doesnt have the true authentic Indian food taste. They make sides of potatoes and green peas which are cheap in market to keep their profit margin high. They are smart enough to rob people. Please try other Indian restaurant who give you many option to eat for less than $10.  and they were great at customizing spiciness levels for the various American/Indian palates in our party. A little bit of a small restaurant  although I might still consider ordering takeout. I have no idea if the original cooking staff is still there  which passes in town. How is that there is no good Indian food in Champaign-Urbana? There are so many amazing Korean and Chinese places. The food here is generic and bland. Not worth the money."  it is a disgrace to the good name of restaurants everywhere."  no liquor license and the atmosphere is a bit lacking. It was a little too loud and a little too crowded I would go back if I was in champaign and jonesin for some indian food Next time will try dinner and see if it's equally satisfying as the lunch buffet." If you are concerned about spice tell them and they will show you the options for non-spicy dishes." "We love Bombay on Green St! Really delicious Indian food "Rock solid Indian food. Lunch menu is cheaper. Mango Lassi has about three different flavors based on what night you go and a lot of the chicken seems to be prepared beforehand. That being said its great. I love the food "Ordered online and the food came delivered and some spilled out but it was really good!! I just wish it didn't spill out. My only complaint. So driver Will certainly visit this place next time on the campus."  it really has gone downhill in the past year. Perhaps the best comment I can muster is that it's definitely better than Ambar 7+ dollar lunch specials with large naan or rice and potato pakora" Food was pretty average.  Waitress was pleasant.  I ordered the mixed grill.  It was all chicken.  Where was the mix that was on the menu?!?  $15.99 for grilled chicken and a few grilled onions is not a bargain.  No rice. Burnt naan.  I will return to Puran in Bloomington:)  not looking very neat... food portion is below average. maybe not again." The food is pretty good. Not the best in town (Casablanca or that new one in Urbana is better)  for demonstrating that incompetence and a lack of care is possible at all levels of an organization." "Okay Indian food. Bit overpriced. The naan is big and fresh. The service is sub par. I ordered an aloo paratha once and the owner brought me a regular paratha. Did you think I didn't know? The vindaloo tastes okay. The lassi is waaayyy too thick. They do have mango kulfi "This place is fantastic for lunch. The Bombay Chicken Aloo is my go-to dish: I usually get it with na'an (flatbread). The na'an is HUGE and you can dip it in the sauce that comes with the chicken dish. Service is quick and the staff is friendly. I've been for dinner once and it was a bit too expensive for a college student. Still   but use the bathroom at home or office before."  the meat was spoiled and made me throw out. Will not come here ever again."  but just much too expensive for the quality of the food and the presentation. Really need to reduce prices rather than raising them. Mashawi slanging 2.99 falafel sandwiches is going to put every other small business (except sakanaya) on green st out of business if people don't get serious with their pricing."  cups and bowls and plastic forks and spoons. Even when you eat in. The food isn't cheap enough for that. At their prices they could buy a dishwasher and serve their food on real plates. I love Indian food and work nearby but I'll go somewhere else so long as they serve everything on styrofoam." I love the food in here! But the price is a little expensive compared to another Indian grill on green street. He gave us a naan on the house too"  and hard. Chickpeas and potatoes were incredibly hard and seem barelt cooked at all. Meal came out to nearly $20. Definitely not worth you money or time! Incredibly poor food quality. Doesn't seem like they put any effort into their food or service." The food is truly delicious though. I will still probably come back. But I'll ask what it'll cost before making any substitutions." The reason it's a three though is that the service tends to be lackluster with the servers not really offering recommendations (which can be a problem if you're not that familiar with Indian food) and honestly... no matter when I've been in there the place has been virtually empty.  I'm not entirely sure I know they stay in business.  The ambiance is definitely lacking enough that I take down a star."  you should check them out!  On their best days Really disappointed today as I ordered a Bombay mixed biryani for takeout during lunch hours. As I am paying for it I notice I am being charged dinner price and I remark isn't it a lunch special right now. I've ordered takeout before during lunch hours and was always charge lunch price. The person/owner then remarks it is a dinner biryani which has me really confused since I've ordered it for dinner as well and there is no difference from what I've experienced. As I get home i open the box to see that it's actually only half full. So if I am paying for a dinner portion why is it even less than a usual lunch portion. Very disappointed by this experience. "Generous portions for lunch. Well-seasoned and tasty. Nothing fancy  no more trying Indian restaurants in Champaign."  and both of our entrees were tasty (my husband had the chicken tikka masala and I had a mild lamb dish in cream sauce. The jasmine rice was beautiful and well cooked  sometimes just tossed in a bag. Here they do it right. Garlic naan bread in house is better than to go. Unfortunately they wrap it in tinfoil and it sweats and loses any of it crispy outer crunch. Chicken tikka marsala has just enough cream and spice to hit all my F spots (you know like a G spot  for some odd reason my other friend did." This restaurant has my stamp of approval as my favorite Indian food in the Phoenix area."  that my food could have been contaminated with rat droppings and then my stomach started hurting.  Which is unfortunate because I probably won't be back Cool little shop that is attached to the restaurant But all and all my experiences here have always been very good. Great Indian food in Phoenix."  even the first time I went I ordered chicken curry (I'd never had indian food) because it was a safe bet. The man asked me if I wanted an order of naan or rice and I didn't really want to order anything else. He said ""well how are you going to eat the curry? with a spoon?"" and brought me a basket of bread on the house. He knew I was trying something for the first time and wanted me to enjoy my experience. I've been back quite a few times and tried just about every other Indian place in town "I think this place maybe the best Indian food in the valley but if compared to the DC area  I've got to get this on my rotation soon!"  I think it's a toss-up. The things that I like about Delhi Palace are the things that my old stand by place doesn't do well. I'll definitely be back I will definitely be back one of these days to try something from the menu (bengan bhartha Have to agree with Elizabeth L. about getting some good Indian food in Phoenix!"  and an atmosphere that will embrace you like a vampire who feeds off of stress instead of blood." "Really good Indian cuisine. Beautiful interior and great food. They'll give you the option of how spicy you want your food on a 1-10 scale. They appear to have a buffet option  perfect for a quiet and economical meal.  I will certainly be back soon... and will consider becoming a regular." I poped in for a quick lunch yesterday knowing they would probley have a buffet. they are'nt overly cheery to have you as a customer not that there rude there is no emotion at all....so i was told to take any table and off i went to the buffet you better be ready for chicken because thats the protien du jour one of the chicken dishes was quite tasty the other tandori was dry the spinich dish was good along w/the naan the food was not bad but when i paid it was 11$ a bit pricey....no...alot pricy for the selection of dishes.....maybe there dinners are better but i most likly wont return to find out Avoid the lunch buffet.  Excellent Chicken Tikka Masala. They lost a star for the failure to tell us we had fifteen minutes to enjoy the buffet and for being a little lagging on the refilling of drinks." The naan rocked.. its large and enough for 3... I just always feel at a buffet per norm.. I dont get my moneys worth.. I dont eat alot.. So I sample when at buffets... this lunch buffet  and vegetarian dishes Indian Delhi Palace offers - they have complete dinners for under $20.  For instance I had a great experience here and I'm sure anyone else who enjoys Indian Cuisine would as well."  I need a freaking booth. I need my own little eating sofa. I need to be able to kick off my flip flops under the table and sprawl out like I'm enjoying their delicious naan on my own little loveseat. That's what I need "went here with my bf and his friend. came in at 7pm. took 10 minutes for someone to even realize we walked in the door..then took about 35 min to even get our food. they didn't seem very friendly. luckily  this place has the best Indian Buffet in town... if you're into that sort of thing (wink)."  and affordable as well.  My wife and I get it to go.  It travels very well.  I've had better Naan  and extras to take home we were satisfied."  I advise you to become a patron of any other indian place in the valley but this one." Anything with cauliflower"  the Indian Delhi Palace building also has a large banquet room upstairs that Nick showed us upon our inquiry... it has a capacity of 250 and it's really nice.  Future Yelp event potential Drawback: kinda pricey. Not a good place for cheap take-out.  I ordered out for 3 and it cost $50!!!"  and we were quite impressed! I can't wait to try their lunch buffet." "Very bad food and very bad service.  Don't even think about going for buffet  because I only crave Indian when I'm hungover and full flavored (not diet) ice cold coke is a hangover necessity. I'm not going to pay for each one I down "Rand H. and myself went here for lunch today.The place is big and very nicely decorated it is probably one of the more fancier Indian restaurants.They had your typical Indian buffet items that were all good [p.s. i'm now officially amused that i just said i wished a place was less nice. don't really hear that too often...]" Tasty and reasonably priced food and beer. A little hard to park but worth the maneuvering. And they have a rocking grocery store attached to it so you can make your own! "As good as it gets.... I went there years ago and never went back.... My stepson's girlfriend took us there and we absolutely loved it.... Being of Indian Punjabi origin My hunny promises he will be my guinea pig." Plain and Garlic Naan - both good but the garlic one kicks it up a notch." Really great restaurant!" "Nice little lunch buffet at a fair price. They had a fantastic chick pea salad and I really liked the Tandori Chicken and rice pudding. I even got a $5.00 off coupon on their website .  I would have preferred that they would have used boneless chicken but it was still good.  I also liked the rice pudding!  As my friend Jessica F stated  with nice decor. The service was friendly and quick. The waiter was a pro and we loved one to ten spicy-scale for our dishes. I ordered Veggie Korma Had the buffet.  Loved it!  Food was hot but not overcooked like so many buffets.  Will be back again.  you get a ton of different types of food to try.  The naan is great and piping hot.  I will say that their chicken tikki masala is not my favorite but overall for the ambiance  but who knows.  This is a good excuse to venture out and try some more of the valleys offerings in this arena."  and your experience will be 5-stars.  Attempt the buffet at your own risk..." Too many better options to want to come back here..." This place has beautiful decor.  A romantic place for a darkened corner meal for you and that special someone who loves Indian food.  You could curry up some real heat in this place."  very authentic. We love the garlic naan and every main dish we have ever ordered have been flavorful and delicious.  We like the fact that each of us can order our own degree of spiciness.  The atmosphere is charming and the service has always been warm and friendly. We highly recommend the Indian Delhi Palace." I  just ordered Malai kofta a vegetarian dish. The quantity was so little for the price and it was really salty. But the chicken biryani I ordered along  with it was not bad.  I still would not be ordering from this place again.  which was a bit steep considering the lack of selections (only 2 chicken dishes "My all time favorite at IDP Chicken Tikka Masala I need to come back for the lunch buffet for $8.99 sometime!" Always review relative to how much you paid. If you rate this place any less than 3 stars you are truly a snob." This was my first time eating Indian food and I am now a new  fan of it! My cousin who loves Indian food and was visiting from LA said it was the best Indian food she has ever had! The location is cool because they give you a taste of the Indian style and culture from the moment you enter the parking lot where the building has a palace shape and their is a cool looking mural on the large wall. The inside is pretty nice and the Indian cultural theme continued here with a homely feel because it is owned by one family it seemed. The chicken masala I ordered was impeccable and just my taste at a level 6 spiciness and the garlic naan was mouthwatering with the yogurt dipping sauce. The place is pretty nice but there's no need to overdress here. Best part was that they offered a 15% Yelp check in discount! Also  are delightful.  Great service and authentic.  A must try.  If you like it spicy ask for hot.  Medium wasn't as spicy as I thought it would be.  Otherwise a perfect meal."  a little bit everything on one piping hot plate.  Dessert was great too This is place is AWESOME! Don't get why it's not rated higher. They have Delicious Vegetable Curry and really good lunch buffet. The Naan is off the HOOK. Everyone I know that has eaten here loves it and this place has been awarded by NEW TIMES as well. Seriously you should come here. I usually get take out because I have small kids but the service is always great and the food is Delicious. "Decent. The dishes are somewhat bland and seem to be not quite as authentic as I have had in the past. The curry was ok and the tikka masala  yet polite and professional. a great dining spot for curry lovers. i have eaten off the menu before and thoroughly enjoyed it as well."  very tasty food! I would've given 5 stars if it wasn't for a few of those buffet items being a bit stale."  Curry chicken with a great sauce.  Another curry dish with potatoes and onions.   Of course rice and paneer which was also yummy.  A couple of simosa fritters which were a little tough but was still tasty.  Three different deserts.  Rice pudding was great to take the bite out of some of the moderately spicy  dishes.  Also a carrot pudding which if your'e Jewish reminded me of Tsimis. Not sure how to spell it.    There was also like a sponge cake ball fried crispy.  I just threw that into the rice pudding to end the meal.  The place was packed by the time we left about 1.30PM or so.  Lots of business people enjoying some heavenly treats.  Good price Awesome. Indian. Buffet.  which comes with a bit of everything. The chicken curry was by far the best curry I've eaten. But in all honesty everything from the naan to the rice to the pistachio ice cream and tea was amazing. I will definitely be back and often since the prices are pretty reasonable. I took one star off because the servers seemed bothered that we were there and weren't entirety helpful when we had questions It's located in a partially vacated strip mall on the southwest corner of 28th drive and Bell Rd. just one light west of the I-17 frwy. You might still have to squint to spot it from your car  the cycle of questions would start all over again and if that is not torture awesome food. fresh and very indian Would have done 5 stars if it wasn't for the dry chicken tikka." Every time I've been here they have quickly seated my group. The waiters are prompt but not perpetually hanging around - fantastic service  it's always nice when you find one where your medium hot corresponds to their medium hot and so on. Too many times I've ordered 4/5 for spicy and gotten a 2/5 of 6/5 (yes Tongue is dancing in delight as my cravings have been satisfied with perfectly seasoned spiciness. Food is always great and the service is very attentive... We'll go back another day.  great staff - it's family run.  Good atmosphere."  and they have awards on the wall to prove it. I'm not the only one saying this. I think there are only a few places in the valley for Indian food for me (but I haven't been to every one in the valley) -- this place came here last Saturday night with a friend. the food is very good and you get a large portion - I had leftovers for lunch the next day. my only gripe is that the naan was a little more burnt/crispy than I like. I will be back to try their weekend buffet though. I am hoping for a little bit of London here in Phoenix with this Indian Resturant. Fingers crossed!!!!  so went to the buffet line.  It seems it was the tail end of the service and everything was dried up and not fit to serve.  I visited this restaurant with a Phoenix Dining Card and never got my discount.  A complete waste of money and ruined my day. I will NEVER go back!  I will write reviews on this restaurant to make the point to treat EVERY customer well."  but others said it was good.  I loved both biryanis and the paneer with raita over it.  I also loved the naan dipped in masala sauce! SO glad it's close to home!" "Very satisfying fix for my travel-induced Indian food craving. Delicious lamb biryani and an eggplant dish the name of which I can't recall. Attentive  the hubby and I found this place randomly without me Yelping. (Which I never do now that Yelp and I have such a deep and intimate relationship.) But lo and behold  curry shrimp and garlic naan. I can't wait to go back and try more dishes. A little pricey (never had to order rice seperately) but worth it."  spicy). I have been to England and India and this place is closest I have found. If India is a 10 this place is a 9.5!! Just go and make sure you have some mango ice cream for desert (it's unlike any you have ever had)."  but waiters were too busy to be of much help to Indian cuisine newbe's." Still as good as it has been for the two decades that I have been going to Indian Delhi Palace.  though I've only tried them for lunch and don't know how and if their dinner would be different." Had the Sunday buffet which had quite a spread much of which tasted just fine. Three different types of desserts. The samosas were not kept warm which was a bummer. I also should not have to ask to have my water filled or wait some time for plates to be cleared. Service was not as attentive as I would like but the food was pretty good.  really I did.  I don't ever do Indian buffets because its guaranteed to disappoint me so I opted for the regular menu.  Delicious shrimp madras is what I got (extra spicy) and garlic naan...yummy If you are in this area of town give it a try." we discovered this place while wanting to meet up with some friends on a friday after work. the actuall resturaunt looks great but the location is in a rough neighbor hood in ph. the food was great i'd definetly go back for the shrip curry ... the one negative.. i didn't appreciete the waitors smug comment about how much food we were ordering... last i checked we were paying for it so i think we can order as much as we want.  it was like having chicken curry without chicken. Long story short the food lacked the taste that you find in good Indian cuisine..." _RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w  but it hardly had any garlic on it at all and tasted like it was reheated. I'm very sad because we used to go here all the time They did not make a great first impression and I don't think I will be back.  I took some friends to try Indian food for the first time. The service was not good at all. We had to go to the kitchen to get service for our drink orders. My friends enjoyed the food although I have had better.  But the naan was good.  the food was amazing. They catered to me which was amazing. I can't handle spicy food and they took that into great consideration when I asked what they had that was not only low on spiciness but also vegetarian. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal there."  we asked the waiter to order for us!!! He brought a great selection. Now the wait staff were really in need of some customer skills training. sorry to say but true. Our older gentleman waiter seemed annoyed with us because we really had no idea as what to order. Sorry. it was our first time. and next door to the place is their store where you can buy goodies  however there isn't hardly any variety what so ever for there buffet. There is one table of food and that's it and most of there food was cold and tasted exactly like those canned foods that you buy at the grocery store. Price is outrages for what they offer as I went to golden corral with my spouse "Cockroach on table (and a neighboring table). Lamb super mealy. Wine bottle ""opened"" in back and then brought to table with cork from another bottle. No apologies. Just arguments. You've been warned."  Palak Paneer. garnished with courteous service. A gem in the middle of this desert."  but I do believe that's because I was probably eating at bad places. This place has converted me! I had the Lamb Korma and my hubby had the Butter Chicken. Everything was very flavorful! The establishment is very clean and very authentic. Our service lacked I believe this is probably the best Indian food in the valley. Fantastic food and great environment. The lunch buffet is the bomb. The three different chicken dishes are out of this world. The bread the waiters bring is mouth watering and the price is very reasonable. A must go to if you like Indian food.  but the prices are WAY TOO HIGH for the small portion sizes. I feel robbed when I spend $50 on dinner for two people and probably $7 of that was their actual food cost B day party here Sunday buffet and they really tended to our table. We never had to wait for refills or naan they kept our table clear. The food is the best in town and I'll be back soon. Been eating here for the past 3 years and even though the customer service has yet to take a giant step forward I still keep stepping through their doors Great food. Great service. Give it a shot! Needed a spot close to the airport. After reading reviews was skeptical but since we were going early gave it a shot. The food was fabulous and the big shocker was the service was excellent! Many reviews found the service horrible. We were very happy with our meal here and would return. Been here almost a dozen times. Good service. Open later than a lot of Phoenix restaurants.  Never crowded or noisy.  We are always trying something different and have never been unsatisfied.  Every dish is full of  intense flavor.  A must try!!! Yes I would say this place is good. Service a little slow maybe but the quality of the food was very good. Nice atmosphere. "Stopped in for lunch on a weekday.  Service was excellent in giving advice on what is popular and what we might enjoy We crave this restaurant constantly and would recommend it to anyone who thinks they know good Indian food!"  so plan to get a cup of coffee or some other less sedentary activity so you don't immediately pass out the moment you reach home.  Trust me We were here for their lunch buffet. The chicken tendori? was very tender. Coconut dessert was good. Everything was bit too salty. Amazing food and even better service. Also has a great atmosphere where they take good care of you and do not rush you. Really nice place to sit down and have a great meal. "Really nice indian. Location could be better Great friendly and helpful service."  pleasant service. I've been here many times. Great place!"  so dinner is very hard for me.. Decisions decisions."  and the best indian food in Phoenix. Highly recommended!" "The worst service ever :( They messed up our food and we complained we go yield at. I will take my money some were else. There are plenty of Indian restaurants in the valley  and Malai Koftas of their Ala carte menu. Their Raita is really good too. The only draw back is that they charge for plain rice. Usually rice is given with curries for free. I chose to over look that glitch because the food was so good. I hope this helps!" Oh yeah ask for the garlic naan!! Yummy omg it's also free :)" Best Indian Buffet ever!!! My favorites were the naan of course and the tandori chicken. I would may be go there if no other option is available  the quality is not vwry low but it is alao not high at all" Awesome vegetarian food here. We tried shahi paneer and dum aloo . Both were awesome and naan was fantastic!!.though mango lassi was disappointing!!! Just awful. They don't care about their customers. Had a terrible experience and was afraid to step outside since the area is so sketchy  I personally like the garlic naan. One good thing is that the buffet is open till 430pm.."  and the food was great! I recommend getting one of the complete dinners if you are not familiar with what's good to order. Atmosphere is quiet and decor is a little rough around the edges "Do you want to start off by saying that this restaurant is amazing point blank period. The Chicken Biryani is the best. And the Chicken Curry is also my wife's favorite "Everything I've ordered here has been pretty good. My main compliant is that there is a great amount of variability within the same dish depending on the day. This variability includes flavors i have a little concern that they'll close down because there's not a ton of traffic through there and the space is enormous. we'll see i guess. i'll keep coming back regardless." Side note: the little store attached to the restaurant had a variety of sauces that I could only get in Australia. I will definitely be back to pick up local specialist items!" They have all the necessities for  good buffet. Thier spicy dishes are their strong suits. They have tons of flavor and decent heat. Service is fair for a buffet. I'd like to go for dinner and try out their other dishes. If the buffet is this good their made to order menu should be great." "I have to eat here every time I'm in Phoenix. The food is great and served in copper dishes; the water is always flowing  but he didn't. We added quite a bit more to his tip so he can choose to replace the vase or live with karma. :) I'm just happy to have Indian in my belly." When we flagged someone down we were told they were short staffed but still no one came over to apologize or take our order. Waited another 5 minutes and left. While we were waiting one couple waited the entire time at the register to pay their check and another man dining alone was in the same situation and walked out." "I've been here a few times for their lunch buffet. The food is good... pretty standard for Indian. Today I went with 4 coworkers and they charged us an additional 18% gratuity for a large party. First  when it is much more expensive. Why do so many Indian restaurants around here skimp on the bread and rice? Any restaurant that includes it will become my go to. The cost is minimal and cheaper than advertising. Word of mouth is what brings me to ethnic restaurants. Yelp is my reference quite frequently." Service was good and prices were reasonable."  which I enjoyed. Everything else just looked unappetizing due to the presentation. Maybe they do a better job for dinner "Not the best Indian food I've ever had  I believe The Dhaba is better quality and flavor wise but they don't have buffets and they are pricier than most Indian restaurants. Copper Kettle had better naan but this place has them beat in freshness and cleanliness." "This place was absolutely loaded with flies.  That almost made me leave.  But we totally loved the food. The chicken tikka masala and the tandoor chicken were off the hook. The garlic naan was fantastic.  As a result Consistently great eating. Yummmm!"  and a few other items. I will consider this place every few months. Its not my go-to spot." "This is an exception Indian restaurant! My fiance use to deliver clay ovens to all the Indian restaurants in the valley and said this place had the cleanest back of house! The service and food are great! I've been here for dinner several times and my go to meal is shrimp korma  but gets the job done. The ambiance is nice. As far as taste is concerned  salty left-overs from the lunch buffet.  The service was also very poor with only one other table of guests in the restaurant.  Our drinks came at the end of the meal after finally getting a hold of our inattentive waiter.  I was here many years ago before they put all of their money into the building.  I guess none of their investment stayed in the quality of the food that I remember.  I sought this place out again while on my business trip  were oily and not really creamy like they should be. Overall- inauthentic and disappointing. I've never been so full yet so dissatisfied. I told the shift supervisor so hopefully they will fix the bell pepper issue I'll probably be back since it's close to my work but I'm still looking for great Indian food in Phoenix area!" I'll probably be back since it's close to my work but I'm still looking for great Indian food in Phoenix area!" "Three words: chicken tikka masala. I've been to many Indian restaurants before and after eating here and no one even COMPARES to the chicken tikka here. We go for the buffet pretty much only for tikka masala! We ALWAYS receive extraordinary service They served beer that was expired by 6 months. Always check the date on your beer if you order. They seem to stock old beer. Mediocre food. Service can be better. I came late afternoon that maybe the reason for the bad service. Ambience was good. Overall I'd say this place has very whitewashed bland south asian food with no flavor. If you go to a lot of south asian restaurants and know what the food should taste like then do not visit this place."  so pretty inexpensive for lunch in Phoenix. The neighborhood is a little seedy Seems like they have too much business and are way too busy. I called twice asking to speak to whoever i need to to inquire about holding a party for my upcoming event. Both of the times i was told that i will be called back but they never did. I guess you dont need my business. I will be happy to take it elsewhere. Do yourself a favor...NEVER EVER GO THIS PLACE. If you are indian you will regret it. If you are not indian and trying indian food for first time then you will never try indian food in your entire life. I took chicken biriyani to go. It was worst biriyani I ever had. I drove 20 mins keeping the biriyani in passenger seat. Didn't smell anything like biriyani.  It WAS YELLOW RICE WITH SOME BOILED CHICKEN SOME SLICED JALAPEO  AND TOMATO SLICE. Biriyani was $12. They charged  $3 for raita. First time I saw biriyani doesn't come with raita. They gave green and red chutney with the biriyani.  Who the hell eat green chutney with biriyani.  I HAD TO CALL THE RESTAURANT SUGGESTING THE CHEF TO WATCH COUPLE OF YOUTUBE VIDEOS HOW TO MAKE BIRIYANI. Please please don't go this place. Very good food. We orders the butter chicken and tandori chicken. Only thing you may consider is to go spicy. I went med and it was not spicy enough for me. "$10 unlimited and quality lunch buffet with fresh naan bread brought to the table. It can't really be beat. What's extra nice is the cleanliness and decor of this restaurant. It feels much fancier than you'd think with their maroon tablecloths and dark wood furniture.  The lunch buffet is very good  sweet red honey balls and bread pudding were incredible."  which aswell wasn't re-filled at 1:00 PM."  But found bit less options compared to other lunch buffets... Good Place for a lunch and would like to go again..." If you're looking for great Indian food try Flavors of India a couple miles away. I won't be returning to Indian Dehli Palace" _RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w _RBUU1y4yJrK0SPAd8z0-w Excellent place to eat with a great tasting buffet! Beats out all other places around here to eat for lunch that's for sure! Love it! :-) Had Shrimp biriyani and that was horrible. Raita was not served and when asked 'so called raita' was given and was worst i ever had. Kabab was also bad. Great food and service. Ample quantity. We took a variety of people including newbies to this food. Very much recommended Everything was amazing. We had a party of eleven and we had a great time. The service was great also.  I was looking for a new indian food restaurant that could meet the standards of the one I frequented up north. This place does not disappoint. The service is exemplary and the food is phenomenal. I highly recommend the chicken korma! It's my go to whenever I go!"  stale food. Bad service. Never ever going back."  and I'll likely fail at stopping myself from eating three plates again."  el servicio excelente y la comida de 4 estrellas todo. Muy autentico The restaurant is very nice and clean. The people are very nice. I decided to try this place because it is so close to home. The buffet is nicely set up.  The food was okay. The chicken in the tikka was dry and it needed salt. The basmati rice was either undercooked or stale because it was crunchy . The food was really lacking flavor.  I have a regular go to place for amazing flavorful food. Maybe one day I'll try it again but for now I'll stick to what I know. I've had Indian food everywhere and this was just fantastic. Love their lunch buffet 11-4:30pm "This place looks amazing however compared to the the ""Delhi Palace"" on university and rural this places food was not up to par. Maybe I'm just partial but I didn't enjoy the flavored. On top of that Check them out if you are nearby and if you have never tried indian food because you are worried it's too spicy "Food here is great. I have been there several times already and am always satisfied. Seating is very nice. Area is clean and well decorated. Staff are friendly and polite. The outside isn't the greatest looking 
